"x"
"1" "I think snap deal is best shopping site and delivered well before time also the products are genuine, economical from outside market. really good.

We get 29Gb storage out of 32Gb which is also quite well. Although it is USB 2.0, the speed of copying from the device is quite slow but It is not so costly and keeps value for money. I'll recommend it to all if they are looking for a good pen drive for a good price."
"2" "A Decent pen drive with more than average reading and writing speed. Although plastic body is a minor con for it. 
PROS:
-8-10MB/s writing speed
-12-14 MB/s reading speed
CONS:
- Plastic body, not suitable for rigorous users
- Acts as a external hard drive. So, can't be used as a bootable device for installing OS.

Final verdicts: If you are looking for a good pen drive under 500 bucks go for it. And also Hat's off to the response time of Snapdeal services"
"3" "It has a Compact design, easy to carry,light in weight, small size, you can carry it in your wallet. Also very attractive and beautiful design.No slider or any moving parts.It has a loop hole so that u can attach a string to carry safely.
     This product has an inbuilt security system in which u can store your valuable and personnel data in an encrypted format which is password protected.. that makes your data more safe even if you loose your pendrive while carrying it to somewhere...
     Its data transfer speed is slow. Its made of plastic so extra care is needed while carrying.Its not a big problem to worry, at this price you are getting a descent pen-drive  
     Anyway its a very good deal, I am satisfied by this product and its price..."
"4" "I decided to purchase 32gb pendrive and to my luck i got this pendrive at such affordable price on the best site.
pros: small size,affordable price,fast while transferring data from pendrive around 11mb/sec,can use be used as ready to boost with windows8,my vault service from sandisk.
cons:low speed while transferring data to the pendrive @5mb/sec approx.
Overall I am really satisfied with what i got at this price.
Not to neglect stupendous service by snapdeal and customer care.
NOTE:Only 29.7 gb is available for use."
"5" "Ever since the inception of multimedia enabled phones, one question that has bothered the users is the storage space of these devices. Listening to the complaints, many companies have added the expandable storage feature, which is without a doubt, one of the most importantfeature of the phones. With the companiesproviding easy accessibility in terms of storing data as well as installing app data on the SD card, some of those issues are addressed. But what about devices which only have limited storage options like the blockbuster MOTO G which only comes in an 8 or 16 GB option. And what if you are amultimedia hoarder and even with expandable memory, you are not satisfied with the storage space. Here theSanDisk Ultra 16GB Micro USB 2.0 OTG Pen Drivewill come for your rescue."
"6" "With so many cloud storage systems like Dropbox and Google Drive, why would anyone want a USB flash drive? Well, for most people, storing and transferring large files or large numbers of files is still cumbersome using online systems. A USB flash drive gives you a quick and easy way to transfer large amounts of data, including photos, music, documents and videos.

One reason to use USB flash drives for mass data transfer or storage is their portability. Sure, you could load everything onto your portable hard drive, but those are usually bulky and a bit heavy. USB sticks often weigh less than an ounce and fit comfortably on a key ring. The best USB flash drives combine high portability with excellent performance and storage capacity.
This product provides all these facilities."
"7" "PROS:
GERAT STORAGE
LIGHT WEIGHT
SHORT VOLUME
EASY TO USE
RELIABLE
CONS:
TOO SLOW
DESIGN VERY POOR
NOT GOOD FOR FAST TRANFER

overall good, but should be more strong, that it can protest any damage. otherwise almost ok.easily buy it from snapdeal.."
"8" "PROS
Lots of space. Capless design. Won't block adjacent ports.
CONS
Only USB 2.0. Not very rugged.
BOTTOM LINE
Though on the slower side, the SanDisk Ultra (16GB) is a portable, high-capacity flash drive that's fine for everyday use.
Its Working fine on laptops & PC"
"9" "Experience getting better and better with SanDisk Products.The improvement in products making it better and better with reasonable price.A overall good product with good speed in writing and far better speed in reading files.I recommend it again and again.Good delivery speed and worth the price
Pros: 1.Writing and reading speed very good
2. Easy to handle
Cons 1. Delicate design
2.No cap for front part"
"10" "Pros-
1. Compact, contoured lightweight design.
2. Price tag is attractive.
3. USB 2.0 support.

Cons-
1. Actual usage space in a 32 GB pen drive is approx 29.8 GB"
"11" "I had a thrill in using this device. Good job in making this master piece.
Pros: SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32GB is great, nice looks, very fast, 2.0 usb can use  fast file transfer in pc.

Overall: I am happy with the USB Flash Drive and I think it is a Perfect USB Flash Drive 32GB and people should really buy it rather than buying a high end USB Flash Drive like many brands some others which offer similar features for high prices.If you are on minimal budget  go for this."
"12" "THE BEST FEATURES OF SANDISK CRUZER BLADE USB FLASH DRIVE 32GB IS IT COMES WITH A BACKUP SUPPORT AND IT PROVIDES A FACILITY OF EXTRA PROTECTION TO PRIVATE FILES. IT IS COMPACT IN SIZE AND AN EASY TO CARRY PORTABLE DEVIES. IT IS EASY TO SET UP IN PERSONAL COMPUTERS AND LAPTOPS. IT PROVIDES EASY FILE TRANSFER FROM COMPUTER TO PENDRIVE AT ADEQUATE SPEED. IT IS A RELIABLE DEVICE FOR BOTH PERSONAL AND BUSINESS. PURPOSE."
"13" "San Disk 16GB flash Drive
           San Disk is popular in the world of flash drives as a manufacturer that comes with good speed and with good flash drive, nor are too high price when compared to other flash drive manufactures. 

           With the San Disk 16 GB Cruzer Blade pen drive has great looking pen drive that looks quite fashionable and is well designed making it as easy to carry. 
           This pendrive used by everyone like school children, college students,and higher officials also.
With the storage space of 16 GB, there is much enough space for storing all the data and other details in a safe and secured place."
"14" "With the Sandisk Cruzer Blade Black Pen Drive you will enjoy an ultra-compact experience of sharing, storing and transfer of files and data. The Sandisk Cruzer Blade Pen Drive is extremely compact and has a gigantic storage capacity of 32 GB. This means that at a single time you will be able to transfer loads of files, music, photos and data from one computer to another. It has a portable contoured styling and an ultra-compact body. It also has a transfer speed of 3 MB/s. With the Sandisk Cruzer Blade 32 GB Pen Drive you are surely going to love the experience of transferring and storing data."
"15" "I am very happy to use this product. It is useful for me as in business purpose and mostly as personal purpose. There are many advantages by using the pen drives we can transfer the data, music, videos etc..,. very easily. All most in all the pen drives i find that san disk is the best brand it is very easy to use. Pros; Small, Light, Cool Design, Nice sturdy case. Cons; No LED, NO CUP, Easy to misplace. I am very happy that i had does not waste my money and i had kept my money at a right place and for a right product. I had got a very nice discount at snapdeal and i am very happy for that discount it was very good experience with the snapdeal. The product i have took is very useful for me i got it at a lower price. The over all experience from the product is very good. i recommend this product to all my friends and relatives and my neighbours. This was my overall satisfaction from the product and as well as the snapdeal site. The only problem with the product is it works very slowly and other all are better qualities. Thank you for giving me this oppurtunity to review this product."
"16" "Very good product at this price.
pross:- fast data transfer
trusted brand
cons:-no protection cover
overall good product

Very good product at this price.
pross:- fast data transfer
trusted brand
cons:-no protection cover
overall good product

Very good product at this price.
pross:- fast data transfer
trusted brand
cons:-no protection cover
overall good product"
"17" "Pros:
1)Small size
2)Superb looks
3)No cap. If there was one and it is lost, then it will really be a problem. But this one doesn't have one. So good 
4)It's a Sandisk
5)Good Transfer Speed. I get about 19 to 20Mbps. Those who complain about low transfer speed, try formatting the pen drive from FAT32 to NTFS to increase the speed. At FAT32 I only get about 5 to 6Mbps while in NTFS, as I have mentioned above about 19 to 20Mbps
6) I like the Sandisk Secure Access Software 

Cons:
1)Only 14.9 gigs of storage.(But can live with it!)
2)Average Build Quality.

But the Cons are outweighed by the benefits of this product. 
I'm satisfied with this pen drive"
"18" "i just get what i want it.even i want a combo and i found ut on snapdeal. its like these guys thinking as our minds. great!! i have ordered the combo of sandisk cruzer abd get the delievery before the expected time even i live in remote atea where others cant even provide service to deliever. product is guiniene with all the details and warrenty in it. the pen drive is usb 2.O  with having good copying and writing speed. its storage capacity is also large with less internal file size. light to carry with durable plastic body. it even doesnt heat after long usage. nice product to buy if you are searching in usb 2.0. its my third order as everybody in my famiky is using it and everytime they delievered excellence. thanks"
"19" "As it has always been a good experience to buy something from snapdeal.... It was indeed this time too. Happy with in Tim delivery and good packaging. Coming to the product quality, it is worth buying a combo of pendrives in this amount. Coz,,,,one can never have enough lipsticks, likewise, businessman can never have enough pen drives, u always need one for data transfer. Good speed, multiple storage capacity added with sleek look makes it a best bet."
"20" "Few pros:
* Good price
* Reasonable warranty period
* Decent speed of 8 to 9Mbps

Cons:
* Delicate plastic material, plug side chips-off easily

Good for home use."
"21" "I was looking for some quick storage device to backup my data very often. I found this deal in Snapdeal for a very good price and SanDisk is a good brand.
This item was delivered on-time and was notified on the updates when it started from manufacturer to retailer to customer (me). Also the guy who delivered this item were very polite and I was not at home and my aged parents received the item and there was no fuzz.
I started using this item and found this has some application security software which secures your data on the pen drive.
Overall good product for best price. However you will not see flashing light to know the pen drive is working. Also 32 GB will give around 29.5 GB free space and rest  consumed by system software."
"22" "I bought this device to create recovery media (don't have optical drive)(I hav sony laptop), but i could not do so bcoz this pen drive is showing as a Local disk not as removable media.

\"To create Recovery Media using a USB Flash Drive, the USB flash drive must appear in the Computer section as a removable drive\".
                                                                                - SONY

We have recently made some changes in the manufacturing of the flash drives to make them compatible with Windows 8 certification. The changes are in effect from June 2012. Flash drives configured as \"fixed disks\".
                                                                                  - SanDisk Technical Support

So, if anyone who wants to create his own bootable drive, forget it. You can't do it with Sandisk Cruzer Blade 16Gb Pen Drive."
"23" "Well i bought this  Sandisk Cruzer Blade 32Gb Pen Drive to transfer  desktop data to My laptop,With this power packed tool i was able to do it with ease..it is easy to use pen drive which comes with  pre -installed from sandisk it's your choice whether you want to use it,  like if you want something to hide some data within this Cruzer blade you can do so by using the software and keep it in the software vault.
I would recommend you if you are little lazy in carrying your portable hard disk around...it is reliable and comes with 3 years warranty too!
Moreover it is much cheaper in snapdeal compared to its competitors."
"24" "nice product i used same product in 2010.again i came for sandisk.it is slow but better than all companies.it is best for warranty and working.we need to take care for the usb of this pendrive.it is not steel usb.so it is not nice before but now they changed usb with good plastic.this is cheap and best.we want quality.so dont bother about transfer speed.they gave security application in this pen drive.so that we can add some important files in that application and we can lock them with password.seller gave reciept also to claim for warranty in future.dont throw the bill.it is also compulsary along with outer panel for warranty"
"25" "The main advantage of this pen drive is cheep compared to those of HP and others and it not producing heat
cons:
     *Its writing speed is less than 15Mbps but at other hand Hp & sony pen drives are giving as much as 22Mbps
     *I am using both Sandisk and HP.But when u work more time in HP that will be in more heat.So i prefere Sandisk"
"26" "Pros: Good product for the Price Paid (VFM)

Cons: Very tight while pluging the pendrive In & Out
      Average Performance (Slow Write speed, Good Read Speed)

Go for it for normal use. Not recomended for Professional use."
"27" "on USB3 I got around 20 mbps speed for data transferring. But on USB ports before that I got 4MBps. But overall I am satisfied with the product.

The seller was prompt in selling the product and with good tracking facility as well."
"28" "Well I bought this 16 gb SanDisk cruzer blade usb flash drive for about Rs 385 n with its given price it works quite fine n I am happy about that. But the build quality of the product is a little disappointing it feels like it will break easily but with its price given you can't expect good quality pd right. I am just happy the fact that I got this for only Rs 385 I mean its 16 gb right so..."
"29" "I needed a 16Gb pen drive to backup my windows 8 operating system and was looking for a reliable,fast and sleek pen drive.So after a lot of browzing online I stumbled upon this gem.The price of this pen drive seemed very good and so decided to buy it under the cash on delivery scheme.When I received the pen drive I was pleasantly surprised.
   At the first look you will think that how can a 16Gb pen drive be so small?? Then you will check if you ordered the right thing.On the packet it indeed is mentioned that its a 16Gb pen drive and finally upon attaching it to my laptop,I loaded my entire back up Windows 8 OS onto it at one of the best speeds i've ever witnessed.This pen drive is ultra light and it feels as if it has carbon fibre incorporated into it.Icing on the cake is that it comes with fantastic warranty!Also is very deceptive to be carried off as 16Gb pen drive,my 2Gb pendrive is bigger than this!I have used very pathetic pen drives in the past but this is by far the best pen drives i have ever come across.
  Do not have any inhibitions about Sandisk cruzer 16Gb pen drive.Use it and stay tension free."
"30" "I have already used Sandisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive and it is definitely the best in the market. Sandisk Cruzer Blade Flash Drive does not provide high speeds but the moderate speed it provides is good for it's amazingly low price. It is simple, convenient to use and reliable at anytime.

I received the product in three days from the date of my order, that's a real quick delivery time. I appreciate and admire Snapdeal for their outstanding service."
"31" "Good 32GB Pendrive and very handy.
It is easy to use and very easy to set up in any system.
Its processing is fast and having very high capacity.
And the most important thing is that it is very reliable product.
It can use with any type such as for additional storage, for backup, for file transferring, for videos and for music as well.
I will rate it with four star.
I strange but true this product i got on time which is very rare on snapdeal."
"32" "For everybody who is commenting on the speeds of this memory card, any uhs enabled card for the matter, for getting the speeds given on the data sheet you need a mobile or device which has UHS interface (which mostly comes with only flagship phones). its backward compatible so it'll work on normal devices also but with low transfer rates. Its like plunging in a usb 3.0 pendrive on a usb 2.0 port. so check if your device is compatible before blaming the card for its low transfer rate"
"33" "SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 16GB is reliable, easy to use, secure, compact potarble storage device.
Best finishing with high capacity and 5years warranty. A must have product of good quality and at very very low price.
Gone are the days when we use to buy 4GB pendrives at Rs.400. Here we can get 16/32gb pendrive in same range."
"34" "Not really a great fan of Sandisk but this particular product has changed my thoughts. Superb speed during file transfer. Quick and easy. Easy to carry all around. One of the most practical design i have come across. Not to forget the unbeatable price at which you are getting....
My opinion : One time investment product. Go for it..."
"35" "Good Pendrive...
Received this pendrive in time. Snapdeal shipping is excellent.
Sandisk Cruzer Blade 8GB:
Pros:-
-Compact design easy to carry. Also very attractive and beautiful design.
-No cap. So no worries regarding loosing any.
-No slider or any moving parts. No problems with design either.
-Loop hole to put some carrying string.

Cons:-
-Complete plastic body. Breakable. Extra care needed while using and carrying.
-No LED. That's not a problem for me but it is for some.

SPEED:
Writing Speed:
This pendrive is extremely fast for files upto 30 MB. The transfer takes within 1 to 2 seconds. But for files above 30 MB (for videos and movies) the speed falls to 5 MB/s. It is now be called a slow pendrive. Now, for smaller transfers like pdf, doc, jpg, mp3 and any other smaller files this pendrive is very fast but for multimedia files it becomes slow.

Reading Speed:
Don't bother about reading speed at all. It will never disappoint you. Reading speeds are always above 15 MB/s.
on 
Over all, this is a nice compact good-looking 8 GB pendrive for a reasonable price from Sandisk/on snapdeal"
"36" "Really nice product, I ve already used SANDISK products & this one is really an advanced one from them. The speed is outstanding during the file transfer & the design is nice.

The price is low on snapdeal than anywhere else. I got it in two days time after I ordered. Also I had an offer from HDFC, so the price was too low. Appreciate snapdeal in this regard. 

The pendrive has a self protection system and comes with 3 yrs warranty. Also 16 GB suitable to keep most of the back up data, compared to other companies, sandisk is best. I would suggest any one to buy this product. 

And if brought through snapdeal, you can get at a minimal price compared to the market rates."
"37" "The pendrive was sent to me within 5 to 6 days of my purchase(Cash on delivery).The product is in good condition,nice look, portable, lightweight, easy to use,fast and reliable. File transfer and copying was very good and fast.But i'm somewhat disappointed with the memory capacity (It has only 29.8 GB out of 32GB).Except the memory capacity everything was good.Overall i'm very happy with the device"
"38" "Not really a great fan of Sandisk but this particular product has changed my thoughts. Superb speed during file transfer. Quick and easy. Easy to carry all around. One of the most practical design i have come across. Not to forget the unbeatable price at which you are getting....
My opinion : One time investment product. Go for it..."
"39" "SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32GB is working fine But I am not satisfied with build up quality as It may break any time"
"40" "Sandisk has always been one of my favourites when it comes to storage, being it pen drive or memory cards. Excellent read/write performance at high speed transfer as always. Great price for the product. Cruzer Blade is my favourite model. So cute, little, good looking one. Would like to give it a 4.5 out of 5. Retailer did his job excellently. 4.5 to the retailer as well. Great job retailer."
"41" "An excellent quality product from San Disk and it will remain well ahead of other rival products in terms of quality .Exceptional Data transfer speed and faster processing speed.Zero lagging time and Amazing durability.Thanks Snapdeal for good transportation speed and better packing of the product"
"42" "With a micro-USB connector on one end, and a USB 3.0 connector on the other, this sleek, handy flash drive lets you move content easily between all the devices in your world—from your OTG-enabled Android smartphone or tablet to your laptop, your PC or Mac computer. The USB connector is USB 3.0 enabled and backward-compatible with USB 2.0 ports."
"43" "I have used this thumb drive to get my operating system portable to any laptop or pc..
With my OS installed on pen drive I can manage and take my files with me all time..
The pen drive is reliable and fast as I have booted many times using it..
The speed is also good as it takes less than a minute to system boot from pen drive
So now I have all my files and data secured on it."
"44" "Not really a great fan of Sandisk but this particular product has changed my thoughts. Superb speed during file transfer. Quick and easy. Easy to carry all around. One of the most practical design i have come across. Not to forget the unbeatable price at which you are getting....
My opinion : One time investment product. Go for it..."
"45" "Amazing product in great price. Easy to use and handle. Compact size so easy to keep anywhere as in pocket too. Looks wise nice, great performance, easy to use in computer, laptop. And tablet too. I'm using this Sandisk cruzer blade usb flash drive very comfortably. So I recommend all my friends to use at least one."
"46" "USB device comparative rate wise too good and quality wise is best using from last approx one year. No issue in a single time. Only speed performance is average."
"47" "this pendrive best and data transfer speed is also very fast with using laptop. design is also nice and size is very small so helpful and safe to keep. and capacity is also too much with in this price."
"48" "Purchased 32gb pendrive , easy to transfer my data , safe &secure , device is accessed fast when connecting in my laptop, reasonable price , fast delivery, paid online kept in mind that its snap deal 
Thank u
I m not happy with the view that company is not using any tollfree number. As because of this I have paid extra mobile bills along with  product price . I have not claimed any extra benefit from you. So its request from you is to save our money ."
"49" "It is just amazing, small and easy to carry, the transfer rates are very good.I got a speed of 7.5 MBps while writing the data from my laptop.
The secured vault software that comes with it is an incing on the cake. Its password protected and u can save all ur private files in the vault, so even if u lend ur pendrive to someone u dont have to bother of removing those private files and saving somewhere else.
I recommend this sandisk pen drive to all who want good product at very low price."
"50" "I am using this product with last 2-3 months. Its gud if u see the prices as compared to others. But performance , is really not up to mark. In windows7 , it takes too much time to get sense. Also its not sure that it will get sensed by system. 

Ihave carried this pen drive for taking print out, but got disappinted when it doesn't get sensed on his system.

Also data intake and outake speed is also slow.

Overall , u may buy only if u required for an extra storing space but fro relability its not suitable..."
"51" "The pendrive from Sandisk is of good quality, nice design of great price. :) I love it a lot. It is very handy compared to the other pendrives I've used in the prior times. It is very easy to use is very small to be carried. :)"
"52" "Good Data filling package by San Disk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive.  Thanks to Snap deal for giving Huge memory of 32 GB for a Reasonable Amount."
"53" "Not really a great fan of Sandisk but this particular product has changed my thoughts. Superb speed during file transfer. Quick and easy. Easy to carry all around. One of the most practical design i have come across. Not to forget the unbeatable price at which you are getting....
My opinion : One time investment product. Go for it..."
"54" "Excellent product at this price range...very handy device ..cute shape...performs quite well..data transfer speed is not that bad as compared to others in its class...overall its a 5 on 5...quality product!!!"
"55" "Good reliable product. Vault useful to keep your personal files. Otherwise delete the .exe file and folder and use the full capacity. Small size is handy in carrying anywhere.The red color distinguishes it from the clutter in my drawer. Bit slow in transfering data.It deserves a 4 star rating with the other plus points - cost, size and portability."
"56" "performance: 4/5
Built: 2.5/5
speed : 4/5

I had 2gb pen drive of same model and it worked very well but at some point it go broke of its head and remain inside pc usb point. Now purchase 32Gb at very good price. And satisfy with speed. but one should care with handling it as it built of plastic."
"57" "It is a good product at an awesome price. Price of the product is quite resonable as compared to the local market and thanks to snapdeal it is also Cheaper than other websites. Overall the speed of transfer ,the storage capacity and its portability makes this device a perfect product. It is personally recomended by me"
"58" "Product is good for storing data files , creating backups , file transfer . But compared to 8 gb pendrive , I would recommend to go for 16 gb pendrive and that too usb3.0 so file transfer speed is good"
"59" "Excellent Product at a reasonable price. It is small in size and easy to use. No issues reported till now. We are satisfied with the performance and its reliability. Sandisk is always trustworthy in this matter."
"60" "This product is very good at this price...not heatup very quickly...data transfer speed is very much convincing and the most important part is its security features which this product provides...."
"61" "32 GB San Disk USB Flash Drive purchased,it is working good,rate also compared to open market is very low,iam very happy to purchase items in snapdeal due to very low cost and high quality and send in time,onething i enquired this item rate in other stores ,pl u also compare once by yourself then u also realise,last Long Live Snapedeal for giving befit the customers,PV Rao SDE BSNL,HYD"
"62" "It is A very good masterpiece by Sandisk... really love it ! i dont face any kind of problems while using this pen drive...Sandisk Has Mainly Paid Attention to its Sleek Design And Security Is Fabulous ! It Keeps My data Safe ... Its Very Easy to use and can be use by anybodyget easily.... Its A Great Mastepiece From Sandisk .. really love this Gadget and its space of 16gb... Thanks Sandisk"
"63" "i was badly in need of a pendrive coz i lost mine.so i just went through snap deal offers and found this little life saver.its a good pendrive and with a sturdy body.its fast enuf. its small and easy to carry around. for such a great price its worth buying.and of course snapdeal's delivery pattern i need not inform u as v all know that they are quick and nvr dissapoint you.the package comes to u in the safest form and u need not worry about the product breaking .i will surely recommend this if you are looking for a good quality pendrive with a cheaper price tag."
"64" "Nice, Portable and sturdy pendrive. Sometimes it slows(depends on your pc/laptop configuration and background process) but most of time read/write speed is nice as usb 2.0.
If you need more read/write speed you can format it to NTFS system or buy usb 3.0 version."
"65" "as my star rating says it dosent get any better.so was the service from you guys .it was on time and before the delivery date
I actually had to leave out of station on 22 and my delivery date was 23 , even after a heavy rain in my city the PD was delivered to me by 22  morning. it was a heavy sigh for me  .

the pendrive is of extremely superb quality and without any lags in it. the designing was very well put on. it was only available on snapd  and that too the one i wanted..

i have been , doing , and will always be booking stuffs from snapd as here i get things of high quality + variety + cheap + quick arrival facility...."
"66" "There are a lot of pendrives in the market and all of them are relatively cheap but when it come downs to performance, speed matters. This SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB FLash Drive 32GB is as fast as it could be. So no more waiting to copy a song, file or a movie. As the name says, everything is transferred in a flash. 
Double thumbs up!"
"67" "32 GB Sandisk is great to carry almost everything. big setup files, music, movies, everything can be added at once, and you don't have to worry about deleting older files and making space all the time.
On the flip side, i feel the transfer rates can get better considering its solid state. other thna that i think the size can be a bit bigger, it can get difficult to find :). Other than that. its way better than lower capacity drives."
"68" "The Pen Drive has an average write speed of about 6 Mbps and reading speed of about 18-20 Mbps running on FAT32 . As few other reviewers have told please DONT format your pen drive to NTFS as this will effect the Cruzer Blade's performance in a negative way! Previously I had the same pen drive (Cruzer Blade 8GB itself) which i had purchased from SP Road but after reading the misleading reviews out here i formatted it and the magnificent pen drive became ridiculous. The write speed became 3.5 Mbps but the read speed was not affected. Even after reformatting it to its original FAT32 format from NTFS, the read and write speed remained horribly the same.So kindly DONT format it to NTFS."
"69" "SanDisk Micro Sd Card with a memory space of an enormous 32GB with a class4 speed class rating, you can rest assured with the high speed transmission of data. The SanDisk Micro Sd Card 16GB Mobile Rtl Pr is compatible with SanDisk MobileMate Micro Reader and is exclusively designed for mobile phone application. The microSD card is compatible with Nokia 101, Asha 200, C2-01, Touch and Type C2-02, Touch and Type C2-03, X2-02, Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830, Galaxy Y S5360, BlackBerry Curve 8520 and Spice Mi-270 mobile phones. Backed with a SanDisk 3 years warranty, the SanDisk MobileMate Micro Reader is a must buy for you mobile handset."
"70" "The product is tiny it can be easily lost and the transfer speed is slow about 6Mbps,it takes 4 mins to transfer a file of 1.3gb size.Overall getup is very attractive and the price is also very low."
"71" "Laptop to pd speed is very poor... it gave 2Mbps to 4Mbps transfer speed. PD to laptop speed is good around 25Mbps."
"72" "I just wanted to quickly say that this device has a cool design. It appears to be two very solid pieces of plastic, lacking the typical metal part that you'd insert into the USB port. As a result, it's very light. I like the colors. I do wish that it had some kind of LED light indicator, but not a big deal.

I DO recommend to people who use this to reformat it prior to use. I tried to use this in my car, and it was unrecognized, despite being FAT32. I reformatted the entire disk to FAT32, and then it worked without a problem.

Be warned that this device is so small and light, that you definitely run the risk of losing it in your bag or pockets. I highly recommend attaching something to the lanyard slot. Thank you Snapdeal for this product."
"73" "SanDisk is company with good quality product & this is one of them. Easy to use, Easy to access, Portable. Can be used for your all types of data transfer. Only Con is it have 27GB of data space where it advertise for 32GB. But very good & easy product."
"74" "Product is awesome. The quality of product is excellent. It is looking small is size but big in usage and durability.
White colour looks preety.
Build quality is good.
Comes with five year warranty which is best.
Delivery and packing from Snapdeal is good.
Product comes with in build password protect software which is useful to store files in secured manner.
Thumbs up for it.
I suggests who want to buy pen drive go for it."
"75" "it a  Good Product 

its very compact and easy to carry anywhere. it fits in your pocket and does not give you a filling that its there. its very reable as well. SANDISK has always been reliable. with other pendrives brands i have seen they do fail very fast and get locked very soon. i have this pendrive since last 4 years and with no problems att all.

you can also use this pendrive as with your Mobiles with the help of a OTG Cable. and it helps you to quickly save data or backup data from your phone within no time"
"76" "Great Product and good price. I really didnt expect this lesser amount of price for this pendrive. The working is really super cool, and everything is simply fine with this usb. The transfer speed is much higher than the normal and comes along with a secure software inside. Awesome product"
"77" "1. To Run This Pendrive to its best potential you must format it to NTFS because Fat Can Only Handle At Maximum 4.5gb/file.

2.use it carefully.If Transfer speeds Are Low Then Your computer port must be usb 1.0 

Thanks"
"78" "Using from past 2 years.
Still working great.
Read speed good but write speed slow.
Good for backup small size file like photo or transferring small files.
Very portable and easy to carry.
But sadly UBS connector has no protection."
"79" "awesome . This is my first android device and I had a thrill in using this device. Good job in making this masterpiece.

Pros: Touch is great, nice looks, very fast and no lags, headphone provided is great, very nice display, clear and crisp

Cons: Battery backup is poor, speaker not too loud, installed apps are not of great use, quite heavy (personal opinion)

Overall: I am happy with the device and I think it is a great smartphone and people should really buy it rather than buying a high end smartphone like Samsung or some others which offer similar features for high prices. If you are on minimal budget 10k - 15k then go for this. If you are concerned about the brand and status then no one can stop you from opting for other brands."
"80" "nice product, it is giving out write speeds upto 10-11 mbps read speeds upto 22-25 mbps and dat is very good acc. to me. Its only con is its handling.... It has a plastic body which can be damaged if proper care is not taken while carrying or connecting to PC."
"81" "The pen drive is of good size. it is having a good 31.7 GB of storgae. It has got a protection system too. Quick and easy. Easy to carry all around

But some of the cons of this item is that you must have a good patience to set it up. it is really boring to st up the security procedure.

So i prefer rating it 7/10."
"82" "The USB flash drive of SanDisk is of excellent quality with no defects, easy to setup, portable and reliable. iwould definitely recommend it to my friends."
"83" "Not a bad product....worthy of the money.

The product is very useful in home. If you are a high end or office user you may feel the product is a bit slow for it's transfer rate. I recieve approximately 5mb/s transfer rate but it may vary with system specifications. you may feel that 5mb/s is very slow but it's not.. you can transfer 1gb data in less than 1.5 minutes. But anyway the best available in market for such a low price."
"84" "This is very nyc according to price, capability. I am very happy. Speed quality is Good, Some hot during to Upload product but that's a normal. Better product, better quality and better experience. Total of Space is 29 GB."
"85" "HI all

I bought it 2 years back form snapdeal & I am still using it. It works fine till date. You can store anything you want & because of its great capacity you can always have an extra storage. The data goes fine with it. There is no problem in data transfer & also the speed is pretty good. You all can rely on this"
"86" "SanDisk is a popular brand in making good computer accessories.Its Pendrive are always in demand.SanDisk cruzer blade USB flash drive 8gb is a good pendrive. It has a good read speed of 10 to 12mb/s but write speed is a bit low i.e.4 to 5mb/s. Its easy to set up,easy to use,portable and reliable."
"87" "Very nice & useful product. Best quality got it in a great deal. Speed is average but although nice working. I recommend to buy sandisk cruzer blade 8 GB pen drive."
"88" "pen drive is good one.but i have little problem with intex key board ,I was looking for usb support key board  but it was PS2 type connectivity so i suppose to purchase Usb to ps2 connecting dongle to work with my laptop its little bit harrsing but the product is genuine."
"89" "5 stars because the product is a good one for this price range.

Performance: Good foor this price range. On an average, I am getting a writing speed of 4 mbps and reading speed of more than 16-17 in my computer.

External features: Nice appearance, its shape is in a way that it goes well with our thumps and provide grip while plugging or unplugging. You can also attach a key chain or something if you wany, to the hole at its back end."
"90" "As I got it in 2 days only so delivery was perfect the packaging was good and delivery man was speaking good Hindi and English and he took money and he gone. So it was good when I open the package I got original sandisk pendrive of 8gb so no froud was there that is good again when I used it first time the security options were good or I say perfect and I got good transfer speed from it that was again good so I would purchase this product again if I want one more as sandisk cares about their custumers so please purchase if you want 8gb pendrive thanks snapdial from this product I love this service of snapdeal"
"91" "Our 1st priority is to backup our data and to get that 32 gb  pensive in such amazing price is good.  This class4  pendrive can give speed upto 6mbps  which is sufficient for common users"
"92" "if you could compromise on speed for money.. this is best go.. reliability of sandisk packed in 16 gb pen-drive... and provided to you in most reasonable price.. also price is lowest on snap-deal amongst most of the on-line shopping .. it also contains secure data software.. so further advantage.. only disadvantage is its little slower.. but good go at this price"
"93" "it's an awesome drive. very fast file transfer. large space..very easy to use it..and easy to carry..sometimes, metal covering causes electric current flow through in some pen drives when connect to any pc or laptop as i used. but its plastic covering make it free from that trouble. black and red colour combination make it atractive."
"94" "good enough for that cost....however speed is little bit slower....but ok with the small size .....built quality is just ok"
"95" "I am carrying 32 gb data with high speed performance SanDisk.no lagging in hd movies. Transfer files in high speed.
On second thought.go for it"
"96" "The Pen Drive is good enough for office work & personal use, but the material used for the USB port won't last for too long, the plastic material is thin.. Data transfer is fast & Sandisk Vault is good to store data in encrypted format so that it doesn't fall in wrong hand."
"97" "This is a very fast pendrive. If your laptop or computer support usb 2.0 then it copy 8GB data so fast from pd to your machine. Its wow :)"
"98" "Sandisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32GB is perfect and very useful for storing useful datas,etc.Thanks"
"99" "high performens ,big space, high speed ,nice designe ,all our best quality peoduct,&also light weight,&comfortable size,easy to hendle at least wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwww"
"100" "Sandisk 16gb pendrive is really good product you can use it on any windows version varieties of windows 7 or 8 or vista i have used for 2 to 3 times  and it works perfectly but i got only 14 gb to use that's not a good thing i should get  16 gb to use. It's very lightweight and comfortable to carry it can be used as a file transfer or to carry music or videos to other place it's a good product you should buy this that's all"
"101" "it's vary good quality product and there is no chance to fraud to buy it and easy to use and reliable.
We can easy to set in out computer or laptop. Data transmission speed is very good."
"102" "Not really a great fan of Sandisk but this particular product has changed my thoughts. Superb speed during file transfer. Quick and easy. Easy to carry all around. One of the most practical design i have come across. Not to forget the unbeatable price at which you are getting....
My opinion : One time investment product. Go for it..."
"103" "I had no problems with SanDisk Cruzer.It's fast and easy with 32 GB space.transferring of data doesnt get better than this.
Net step SanDisk should come out with customized corporate labelling ie. Corporates can bulk order Flash drives with their name and logo in it.Uniformness brings Unity and Unity brings quality."
"104" "Due to working with loads of different computers I always use a large capacity USB stick to transfer large files from one computer to the other.
The only gripe is that i always have USB sticks on my keyring as they are too easy to forget otherwise.

Many other USB sticks have perished on my keyring but this one is surprisingly resilient.
So far it has survived being dropped from a balcony, being trodden on and ending up in a puddle (something my Car Key did not survive) and as of yet has showed no signs of giving up.

I am really impressed with how durable this stick is not to mention that it is pretty fast as well.

I really recommend this if you are accident prone or clumsy like myself, it is a great product that is very well made!"
"105" "This was my first online buying experience of my life. We ordered USB combo. The price was very law compared to all other online sites which attracted me towards snapdeal. After ordering the USBs, still I was not very sure about kind of material I will receive. But I was happy to see updated messages in my inbox of email as well mobile. I received it with in 3 days which was beyond my expectations. I have used both devices because I thought may be product would of law quality. BUT surprise to me they are working much better than my other devices which I brought from shops. The faith and trust which I have developed towards snapdeal will take our relationship very long. I wish to continue my relationship forever and will not try other online sites based on my first experience with snapdeal."
"106" "Speed is very good for both read & write , specially write performance is pretty impressive.

Only worry about plastic body metal but it still get 5 star because for performance & price."
"107" "Most of the companies involved in manufacturing IT related products suggest for product registration. It helps you to get support on warranty and verifies that the product you bought is Authentic. I registered this product and found it to be authentic. Works like any USB 2.0 pen drive should. Available storage is about 14.2 GBs. Hope this helps."
"108" "Perfect product for data transfer and additional storage of music and videos. Decent transfer speed, compatiable with all windows. Overall a nice buy at this price"
"109" "Amazing product. The quality is too good. Transfer rate is fabulous and so is the design. It's really convenient to carry around. Works great on mobile and tablets also. Best pendrive for the best price you can find."
"110" "It is cheap and best..and it will very useful to transfer data from/to computer/pendrice.. very simple and attractive one.. low price... Good quality."
"111" "It's very good to use and cheap too.its like chota packet bada dhmaka.all products of snapdeal are very good.i can do things like backup , file transfer and many more things with this pair of pen drives.i m very happy to buy those.this is just an awesome product in such a low price range.this was my first time shopping online and I was little afraid but snapdeal do not disappointed me and I will shop again and again from snapdeal. I have also downloaded the app of snapdeal that is also very easy to use .i m really very Impressed with snapdeal and I want to suggest my other user friends that shop just one time,u will come here again and again.all things are of very low price and of high quality.a very"
"112" "IT HAS A STORAGEOF 32GB BUT IF YOU HAVE TO TRANSFER BIG FILES IT TAKES A LOT TIME IF YOU HAVE TO TRANSFER THE  MAXIMUM SPEED IS 3MB PER SECOND AND TO TRANSFER MANY FILES TOTALING 30 GB IT WILL TAKE APPROX 3 HRS    ( CALCUTLATED)"
"113" "Its worth the money  but I think its class 4 or 6 thats why data transferring speed a little slow but it still good product for the given price."
"114" "pendrive is very good and awesome its lok is good and the company is popular and good the pendrive look is so stylish it is so light 
Cons: Battery backup is poor, speaker not too loud, installed apps are not of great use, quite heavy (personal opinion) 
Overall: I am happy with the device and I think it is a great smartphone and people should really buy it rather than buying a high end smartphone like Samsung or some others which offer similar features for high prices. If you are on minimal budget 10k - 15k then go for this. If you are concerned about the brand and status then no one can stop you from opting for other brands

by khushal rajput"
"115" "good light weight product but not so fast ... writing speed is around 5 mBps .. but good thing is it can be password protected ... so your data is secured.. if you consider the price then it is good bcoz at this price you cant get any other 32 gB pendrive.."
"116" "It is best memory card and good speed for data transfer or copy."
"117" "A product which is cheap and best and fits in every pocket in every manner, whether you take about its pricing or you consider its quality..
 I am being an old user of the same will recommend you to use this product. Its value for money product..!!!"
"118" "A very tremendous device for storage and transfer of data example-audio,video ,files ,tremendous speed highly portable and durable easy to connect .
sandisk is the most durable and trustable company in terms of pendrives."
"119" "Purchased Sandisk Cruzer Blade 16GB pen drive. Used a lot after that.It gives Great performance and compatibality with all devices. Speed is great,Durability is great,Portability is great,Design is great. Price on Snapdeal is Less as compared to others.
Go for it without thinking much...Real experience"
"120" "Last few months I am useing SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32GB. Mainly I use it for my business purpose to transfer files including video. I have four same products and everyone is working perfectly. It is cheaper also in comparison-shopping."
"121" "I was looking our for a 16 gb or 32 gb pendrive to save my important documents and files. Imagine my surprise when I came across this 1+1 offer of Sandisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 16 gb. So here I was getting 32 gb at about the same price as 16 gb. I grabbed the offer. I had on earlier occassions too availed of such deals. So within minutes I placed my order and within 4 days, I got the pendrives. Very Happy :)"
"122" "The PD was nicely packed and is providing me good data transfer speed, so I'm completely satisfied from the delivery of the product to the way it has been giving me data transfer speeds."
"123" "Quick delivery ...kudos to snapdeal 

Now coming to product 
USB 2.0 ....still decent transfer speed 20 mbps down and 7mbps up
This is the cheapest price range for this product .......i guarantee it 

Product was genuine ...gud packaging 
No delivery charges ;)"
"124" "Superb USB with such a cheap price. 8 gb is more than sufficient for transferring data."
"125" "29.8 gb of usable space, compact, ready install, encryption feature works fine. read/write speed 15/9 mbps, gd for personal usage, well priced, lowest at SD. received well in time and in gd condition."
"126" "I placed order on 23 Feb and i got this product on 26 Feb.when i connect this device to USB 2.0 port then it gives 7 Mbps on write and 20 Mbps on read which is average for USB 2.0 port.overall worth for price that you have paid for this product."
"127" "San Disk is known for its quality and practically I experienced the same while using it. It's compact size makes it convenient to carry large amount of data anywhere you like. I would certainly recommend users to buy this product."
"128" "Sandisk, one of the oldest manufacturers of flash drives with millions of buyers in this country. Reason: cheap & handy (further snapdeal increases it's cheapness by providing additional promos & discounts, me, bought it for 498 INR). Regarding speed, it surely wont impress extreme critics as it is 'kinda slow'. But for me job's done. I need capacity 4 transferring spacious blu ray prints which it effectively handles (in NTFS mode you would get 14.9gigs of actual space). Impressive product, buy it. Thanks Snapdeal... :) :)"
"129" "Sandisk Ultra Dual 2 32Gb Usb 3.0 Otg Flash Drive With Micro Usb Connector For Android Mobile Devices(Sddd2-O32G-G46)"
"130" "This is a best product for me in low price.Because in market its price is too high.So if you want best quality in low budget,buy this now.It is easy to set up,easy to use, fast,high capacity,portable,reliable with additional storage,backup,file transfer,music,video.(share/send)
\"I would buy this product again and again\""
"131" "This is great deal when compared to other sellers in this price. The product is also good.  This pen drive stores high volume of data of 14.9 GB usable whereas the other brands stores little bit low.  Speed of the drive is fast and Sandisk is reliable."
"132" "Nice one....

Product is good with Sandisk guarantee. Snapdeal offers you best rate in Sandisk products....

Product is packed and with bill.also it shows all the details from where it is made and carried out.all queries of customer is easily satisfied......

Delivery was within 2 days, price is cheaper compared to other Online dealer. Product is also good.....

Quick and easy. Easy to carry all around. One of the most practical design i have come across. ....

Nice its working properly no problem yet........"
"133" "I brought 32gb sandisk pendrive with five year manufacturing warranty
Product compact n really amazing performances its perfectly works on USB output as well as in my mobile note 4,yureka ,moto g just love it"
"134" "got nice speed. its easy to handle and pretty easy to connect to usb port"
"135" "This is my 4th SanDisk pen drive, so no need to say anything. Its speed from system to PD is about 4-5 MBPs, and from PD to system is around 7-9 MBPs.
Remember it is not a utlra PD so do not ask for super fast speed, altough it is all economical and price worthy and plus Snapdeal service!!@"
"136" "total price value product

using it for my daily use and kinda hapy with the product up till now as speed it quite good compared to other brands wit usb 2.0
also the design was quite good looking."
"137" "Just go for it
Speed in usb2.0 is about 4-5mbps
But in 3.0 speed goes qrround 8-9mbps....."
"138" "This is the third time i am purchasing this same item.Best for home  use especially for storing photos, videos etc.Though the speed is low(usb.2), the price is also very cheap.Moreover we get a sandik branded product which have a proved quality record."
"139" "its a awesome product. i will definatly say that \"purchase with trust and close ur eyes.\" its look is very good.i love this model of pen drive. thanks to sandisk and Snap Deal also. B.coz snap deal has cheapest price to other than.i bought it second time.gets little heated wen used for a long time but compared to other pendrives this is the best so far."
"140" "Very slow transfer speeds while transferring even moderately sized files. Well, what can I say if it took approx. 1 min. & 20 secs to transfer even a 350 MB sized file!

Bottomline: Not recommended. Find some other brand that offers better transfer speeds."
"141" "I like SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32GB this is very good product looking good ,Easy to carry all around. One of the file transfer .File transfer (1527)Additional storage, Back-up, Music Video ."
"142" "This is a good product from Sandisk but due to small size,I lost previous one but ordered it again because it gave me superb write and read speed.It is value for money product.
From the date of purchasing, I am not getting any problem except i lost it often."
"143" "This pendrive is so good.you cant get anything better than this.offers a good speed of upto 9mbps to write.thats amazing in this price range.good design and durable plastic. comes with 5 yrs warranty.
Go for it."
"144" "Pendrives comes in too many shapes and colors but they are not at all reliable .This product is a Classic with no useless fancies , it is easy to plug in to laptop , easy to carry around due to slim size , stores huge amount of data , but the best part is that once you have bought it you donot need to think for years after that."
"145" "The product gets detected as soon as it is plugged in, unlike the higher capacity variants of the same make. Be careful not to plug and unplug it rashly as the plastic lip may break off, thereby rendering the terminals a loose fit in the USB ports. If it is broken, then you will've to use your instincts and talents to perfectly fit it into a port and successfully detecting the device. The plastic body is thus disadvantageous in this regard. Functionally, the product is indisputable. The bottom-line: Versatile but not rugged."
"146" "SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32GB
 
Very good products And best service"
"147" "I can't recommend this product because of space shortage in this USB drive.. Even 30GB is not there.. It gives only 28GB space.. Then where is the 4GB space which you have told as 32GB space in the advertisement.. So I am not satisfied with your product.."
"148" "God but the speed is damn slow. On a USB 3.0 drive it ives 4.9 mbps transfer speed."
"149" "nice quality product which is provided by snap deal.
i thanks to all team of snap deal.
i believe in ur quality
in future i want to good relation with u
ur site have more opportunity for me
 i focused on product quality and performance are found to be most helpful on ur presentation.i have many order  which is suitable on ur snapdeal."
"150" "its easy to use and install. its reliable handy and portable .it's performing faster than other pendrives.it is cheap and affordable. it is having a nice design and I will recommend it to my other friends to buy it and avail all its features with an affordable price from snapdeal.com which is india's largest online shopping outlet . Thanks snapdeal for giving me this opportunity to be a part of your family . Thanks ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss"
"151" "This product is good with both quality any quantity purpose.  As it is of  low price wilth large amount of storage space of well known company features."
"152" "High transfer speed.Very handy.There is little bit difficulty while inserting in to the port.Good device with very compact size.
Cover can be provide to protect internal element from damaging and attacking from dust and dirt.Chain or string can also be provided as a part of complimentary to hold the device."
"153" "This SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash is an excellent drive. It is reasonable priced and with well in advance timely delivery as indicated on the site.  I have shopped number of times pen drives from Snap Deal and every time I have developed more faith and confidence on this portal."
"154" "I buy it for my personal use.It connects with other devices very fast.
It receives data too fast and it transfer data too fast more than receiving.
I will tell everyone if u want to have pendrive just go for it  .... 
IT IS TOO LIGHT TO CARRY  ....  
ITS OUTLOOK IS REALLY GREAT  ....   
SNAPDEAL PACKING WAS SOOOOO GOOD  AND THEY DELIVER IT TIMELY  ....  THANKS TO SNAPDEAL"
"155" "Its good..... reallyy really good.... product.... and its transfering speed also very good...... its give me 35mb per/sec when i am transfering data file.... everything everything i transfer........"
"156" "Nice looking . It gives me 13 Mbps write speed and 36 Mbps copying speed on my i5 10 GB ram 4 GB GPU very fast"
"157" "It is a very good product for for data storage,file transfer, back up. it is also reliable. it's secure data software (already in the device)provide data security if it is lost. a good stuff to use... for personal and business. it is fast for data transfer and easy to set up.. also........ ......."
"158" "SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32GB is really worth recommending . A Good product for your hard earned money."
"159" "SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32GB is a very good product..its fast and stable..
on top of it is available cheaper in snapdeal"
"160" "This is second time I opted for Seller Niki Shop and goods were delivered as expected.
However The freebie listed as downloadable was not with the package.
I am using the drive to store data and running live OS off it.
So far the performance is good, both the product and the seller"
"161" "Its a good product with a average data transfer..its has the space of 29.8 gb.easy to carry..cheap at its price.really better transfer rate than HP pendrives,have checked personally.."
"162" "No complaints to this excellent product if speed could be little faster. Nice attractive and sleek smart design with appreciable capacity really light weight, easy to carry and at a very low price from snapdeal. I recommend this product. Best of luck. GO FOR IT."
"163" "Don't look at negative comments,i am suggesting you about this product. before purchasing, i am also little worried.when i look over comments i felt negative things but now i am fully satisfied with product.value for money and it speed is also good.ony one negative point i want to say that is SnapDeal takes long time to deliver product else all are fine."
"164" "It is a nice oroduct. Adequate size and Good in working. Fast data transfer and rugged in design. Overall nice one to use."
"165" "SanDisk 16gb flash drive is very useful to store my data private with safe and secure. Particularly SanDisk access software helps to store my important files with security lock."
"166" "Supplied within time. working very good and completely satisfied with the 32 GB Sandisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash drive."
"167" "This pendrive is very cheap. But at the same time the quality is very perfect. Transfer speed is very high."
"168" "Best combo one can get at this price..A must grab opportunity..Sleek & Handy Design..Fast data transfer speed..Best for students..!!"
"169" "I have used this device and like it.  Got it for a good price.  Quality of the product is good. It provides additional storage facility and enables fast and efficient file transfer and storage of music and videos."
"170" "The Product is a good one but the transfer of file from computer to phone is too slow ,a maximum of 4.5 Mb/s. Even its storage is 14.8GB
and transfer of files from pendrive to Computer is very fast about 20-40 Mb/s.I have d problems with only the transfer speed and nothing else"
"171" "I'm pleased with the purchase i did on January, 2014 & so far the drive has been wroking as intended. 

Easy to use and small in size. Offers reasonable data transfer speed & handy in transfering office documents from one computer to another in case local network is down or the number of files are enourmous."
"172" "Branded quality support all divece superb awesome"
"173" "There is nothing bad in this product. Speed is also good and quality of product is also manaageble. This is value for money. I recommend you to buy this product if u want to carry 2 pendrives. Otherwise 1 pendrive of 16 GB would be better."
"174" "Excellent product by Sandisk as always. Superb speed while file transfer. Also give you cloud space where you can save your files. Password protected so even your drive is lost your data will never be shared. If you want to get rid of password ,then just format the disk before use."
"175" "Its a USB 2.0 Drive, But Provide Copy Speed Like USB 1.0.
Major Cons Is Is Speed Of Copy From PC."
"176" "Sandisk is always reliable. I was able to get the 32GB Sandisk Cruzer Blade at a very good price, thanks to a Snapdeal promotion. The small size of the drive is a positive and a drawback. It comes with no cover making it risky during use, if you were to scratch damage the USB part."
"177" "Scan disk 2.0 is the pen best option in lowest price and  highest features. The pen drive is small, durable and really fast in transfer rate. The is rough and tough piece. Unfortunately, my scan disk was mistakenly washed in the washing machine. Still it sound and safe and working properly without loosing any data in it.. really worth for money.."
"178" "No doubt a perfect deal at this price for 32 gb pen drive but u can use only 29gb of it ....writing speed is too slow..other than that awesome product one more thing its easily detected by my lg led tv...."
"179" "The usb is shown as local disk! 
And also i cant eject it right from the file explorer.Can anyone describe about this ?
The speed is also moderate or even slow in usb 3.0
Memory is very low @ only 14.9 gb only
Not satisfied also with the packing and delivery.
But a value for money"
"180" "SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 8gb is reliable one and it is not so costly. best use of this is file transfer and nothing else."
"181" "San Disk Cruzer Blade USB fLASH drive 8GB good in storage the files and carry easily being a small item and good in work"
"182" "Sandisk Cruzer Blade 08Gb Pen Drive by SanDisk is very good looking having good quility. It is essy to setup,essy to use,portable and very reliable pen drive. It may use for personel and business purpose & for storage and backup. moreless we may enjoy the music & video also.
But it is my personal request that Pen Drive PORTION which is used for insert should have cape for safety purpose. It will increse the product reliabilty."
"183" "Hi, Received on time.. Nice product.. But as said on subject as 32 GB.. but on that space mentioned only 29 GB.. If u saying this is 32 Gb pls. send same not less.. we expect as it is..Not more or not less.. :)"
"184" "SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32GB wonderful product in online snapdeal shoping. good working usb flash drive. no issue in using of usb."
"185" "Easy to use  faster transformation and faster add doesn't cause any inconvenient  shape and colour is good small size faster speed simply perfect pendrive this is my first experience to buy   pendrive   file transfer speed is good"
"186" "Superb speed during file transfer.Easy to carry all around.Nice its working properly,It is super one in small size."
"187" "Sandisk is best known for his pen drives and memory cards and also the speed of sending and recieving provided by them.I bought this combo because it's better to buy two pieces as compare to 1 16 GB pack."
"188" "ok its good condition and good quality for better usage for additional data storage"
"189" "I always recommend sandisk as a budget and reliable storage device.my advice is to make its usb tip to metalic otherwise by long use it gets bit broken, but otherwise its performance is good."
"190" "As usual snapdeal delivery was quick and awesome.. That's a good product..Pros: It has a sturdy plastic body and good to use.. The transfer rate is good and can be evidenced while copying or transferring files.looks decent too. Worth for the price."
"191" "Nice Product for the perfect price with combo offer.
It is very easy to handle and use because of its simple design.
Not to worry about damage because of its single moulding design.
This is very portable to keep safe and mote compact to carry.
I like this very much."
"192" "NICE ORODUCT SMALL IN SIZE DESCENT SPEED THE COVERING  USED IS A OF LOW  STRENGHT
COMPACT CAN BE MAINLY USED IN CAR STERIOS AS IT IS SMALL IN SIZE
AND PORTABLE"
"193" "A very good product to buy!!!
Has a transfer rate of around 5Mbps (Reading/Wrinting). Very light and small and so yes it is easily portable. The best part is that it is as big (Small) as a pen cover!!!!
A must buy product"
"194" "really good pendrives and copies files at 12mb/sec constant in my usb 2.0.
But quality may be a cause of concern"
"195" "I have purchased it and I am satisfied with  this product...my 8gb combo it bit slow bit due to having plastic body its good.. overall nice and useful..."
"196" "I'm using it everyday since the time I got it delivered. Till now not even a single lag discovered. Its fast in the tasks of copying & moving. Its size is the main advantage as you can also place it in your wallet & you won't feel like its there. Has high storage capacity accompanied with high reliability because you know its from the house of SanDisk"
"197" "very nice  transfer speed is very good. but try metal body cover"
"198" "its data transfer speed is good....not best...."
"199" "This 8 gb product of sandisk is good and easy to use. This drive is slow as compare to other company's pen drive. Color of pen drive is good and attractive. Shape and size are also good. But increase the speed of pen drive.
I will like to use othet products of sandisk."
"200" "SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32GB is good works fine. simple and fast."
"201" "SanDisk cruzer blade USB Flash drive 32 GB is very good. I suggest everyone to use this."
"202" "quality not good ,,,,,data transfer slow"
"203" "a must have pendrive.speed is good.you get 29gb storage space which is quite impressive."
"204" "Very good product.
Nice sleek and robust design
Very handy while using.

It also contain a encription software to keep the data in secured format so that nobody can steal the data in case device is lost."
"205" "God of small things? Yes it is! Jokes apart, this small pen can store a lot and the transfer rate is simply, helluva! Just loved the style and curves.Specially when it comes to considering it's price, it's the best deal worth the steal."
"206" "nice product, you can purchase it. no issues in speed. nice data transfer speed"
"207" "Sandisk USB flash drive is unique and useful for all backup and storage of video and audio files and file transfers is easy."
"208" "simple design good build nice storage capacity and fast data transfer."
"209" "I have ordered 3 pen drives from snap deal at different times, each time they reached me in time and performing to my satisfaction. They cost me much less than the present market price in local computer stores who give a guarantee to refund them if it is found to be defective, as my pen drives are working well now I don't know what could have done in case of snap deal purchases. Can anybody give some feedback on these matters?"
"210" "SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32GB is the best product in snapdeal"
"211" "Nothing special average kind of a Pen drive
The quality of plastic in Pen drive is of inferior quality and i do not think it is long lasting and its very prone to breakages if not handled with care
But its the lowest priced Pen drive so considering the price its a good buy."
"212" "I bought this USB drive to use on the TV at home. It's nice and compact, which means it fits in the USB slot on the back of the TV easily. With a 32GB capacity, I can load plenty of movies on it."
"213" "Nice pen drive, but be careful handling it, it may break at its tip. Design wise its looking good and even performance and thank you SNAPDEAL"
"214" "32GB is quite good enough for me,  convenient space/size, easy to carry. Product is genuine and I'm satisfied."
"215" "Good read and write speed, overall satisfactory performance ant this price range"
"216" "Super condition and speed.. Good quality.. Maximum price..."
"217" "Excellent pendrive at this range. Could store lots of data.Attractive colour too. A 16gb pendrive at this rate is really unbelievable.Speed is also good.I might buy this product once again!"
"218" "1. It transfer speed from PC to pendrive is 8.5 MB/s which is really fast compared to others.
2. Nice in design light in weight."
"219" "I use sandisk pen drive since long and am very happy about its  performance. data transfer is fast, does not get heated up and  very handy and dependable product. Sandisk pendrive is my No 1 choice always ."
"220" "Good product for data transfer speed is not good not bad medium speed"
"221" "This Pen drive looking Good but copy speed is to slow it have only 14.5 gb write speed is only 3.5 mbps to 4.0 mbps on windows 8 

such a waste of money"
"222" "I got two 8 gb pendrives at a real bargain price, and they arrived in great condition quite quickly. Am using the flash drives and they are working perfectly... happy!"
"223" "Another awesome product from SanDisk.... Its faster and reliable... Moreover I love its colour.... File transfer speed is very good comoared to other pendrives... Happy with the product.."
"224" "i receive a sandisk usb (16 gb)from snap deal but when i attached it to my pc i found that its memory is 14 gb.. so i am disappointed by this........"
"225" "Pendrives are mostly costly. But sandisk pendrives are cheap but also this pendrive is as reliable and as fast as the other costiler models.
The only problem for me is that the device is very small.So it is easy to lose it during its use. But despite its small size the pendrive is TOUGH. Other pendrives break on dropping once or twice. But this has a sturdy frame, so it is't damaged easily.
 All in all, you get what you paid for or more........................."
"226" "I like to thank snap deal perfect time of delivery. quality of scan disk good. but considering transferring the files time to take."
"227" "Perfect pendrive .. it has very high speed upto 7mbps for transfer data..."
"228" "it is difficult 2 setup in windows 8 n transfer rate is too bad it is around 8mbps, i have 16gb pendrve its transfer rate is nearly 14mbps... not satisfied with 

Sandisk Cruzer Blade 32Gb Pen Drive
by SanDisk"
"229" "best combo deal available,only con is the product material quality at the usb connecting side should have better"
"230" "Its best product in very low price and good quality . and perfect to save data and very small and very nice looking"
"231" "EXCELLENT item i got.
its look is also nice and small which can be carry easily.
Also,its rate is good as compared to others.
In this price i could not get any pendrive with 16 gb space, which i got from here.
I love this product."
"232" "I have received SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32 GB against my order in time and the product and overall service from Snapdeal is excellent.  I would recommend this product."
"233" "nice looks, very fast.... Best for regular use, for data back up and data transfer speed ia also good. Nice product in best price..."
"234" "transfer speed is very high, great product, good buy, just go for it, small size."
"235" "The cheapest branded USB with a 4 Mb write speed and 14 to 16mb reads speed. This product looks good easy to use. Am happy with the product. This product gives me extra storage for my doc. The vault software is good to keep you stuff safe."
"236" "I was very exited when I was taking delivery of my product \"32 GB SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive\", just because it is my first product that I have bought from any online servicing company. And I am very happy after attachment with you. I will surely connect to you again for many other products with pleasure. Thanking you..."
"237" "Awesome branded pen drive at very lowest price
Light weight & fast data transferred speed"
"238" "First of All, I am loving snapdeal. lol
Bought this product mainly because it was highly rated and cheap. Well there is not much to say about this particular product i would say it's pretty decent it works well, however the transfer rate to me was not so good and even though it's a 32gb but u actually only get 29gb whic is a let down."
"239" "I had bought it almost a week ago.Delivery was good,it was within 3days delivered.Till now I haven't got any problem.Speed at an average is 8mbps .It would have been better if a light indicator n protection cap was added to it.Till now it is little master..hope it will not defame the name.."
"240" "The pen drive was packed perfectly to prevent any harm during delivery. It is a genuine product at a great price. It perfect and surest way of spending less money and getting just the right product. It was very easy to set up and is as shown in the image. It is very easy to use and cones with an inbuilt safety anti virus and back up data software. There was discrepancy in the product price which was taken care by snapdeal and I got the higher cost product at the lower rate I was promised at the time of placing the order."
"241" "This pd does the job of carrying documents either transfer or for a printout. I would say carrying USB3.0 pendrives when everybody has Ext Harddrives is useless. So why show off.
Have it and be happy coz it'll meet your needs appropriately."
"242" "this is the second time I have purchased this device and I am really happy & satisfied with the device. It's very easy to set up and the music quality is superb."
"243" "It is a perfect output device for carrying their valuable data in your pocket . It give you a great experience regarding handle new technology in a better way and keep your valuable data without vulnerable....."
"244" "i purchased this product first time on line from snapdeal and am very happy to sea that the product handover to me is same as it appears on line its very good deal in best price the rates of the products are lesser then other sites. the product and its features are very good and the product is very easy to use. also there is a secureity system in this product which help us to protect our personal data i suggest every time to purchase this product from snapdeal."
"245" "I have used Sandisk cruzer series pen drives in past and I must say, my experience has always been upto the mark.

I purchased this one only to transfer big files between my various machines and devices at home and I am sure this is going to be very useful in that case.

The only con which I have experienced is it's plasticy body which tend to break after sometime, however can still be used if not plugged/unplugged on a very frequent basis."
"246" "good packing, on time delivery compact in size.  And very good price..  Bought it for connecting it in the TV and watch movies  Severs the purpose..  worth money no cons with the product"
"247" "The shipment was great and nice...
Package was a little nasty and of low quality...
Product and performance with such a price is awesome."
"248" "Must for every computer savy person
Very good product at a reasonable price with enough  ,memory to cater to today's various types of heavy data"
"249" "The speed is very good & comfortable for use.
This is the combo pack yet there is no problem in the quality.
To be simple this product is awesome"
"250" "The product nice and best quality and low cost ....
Easy to shopping the usb flash drive..."
"251" "Original product but transfer speed is so slow
Otherwise quality is good nice working"
"252" "SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32GB  good product."
"253" "veri good sandisk cruzer blande usb flash drive 32gb"
"254" "sandisk usb 32 gb is best for storing data"
"255" "sandisk cruzer blad usb flash drive 32GB, A nice product"
"256" "As like always ,SanDisk is the best in storage devices, i also own a SanDisk 32 GB memory card and worked up to the mark."
"257" "SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive 32GB  is very useful."
"258" "The pen drive is value for money considering its price  vis-a-vis it's capacity . Additonally it comes with a five year warranty which is icing on the cake. The only  thing against it is slow speed since it  appears to be USB 2.0 and not 3.0."
"259" "I got this USB stick at a good bargain price and immediately loaded it with a number if movies. Till date it is holding on pretty well and I find no problem with the stick.It is fast as compared to its type and only issue is that it is very small and the head cannot be covered. Otherwise at the price purchased its a deal."
"260" "It  is a amazing.I  tried it from few days and I found that it is very good memory storage device.Thanks snap deal for producing such kind of products"
"261" "pen drive is not good as writing speed is very less and consumes much time to copy data"
"262" "i bought this product sandisk cruzer blade usb flash drive 8 gb.in my item mounth of manufacture is 12/2014. the product is made in china.this product is usefull for me.sandisk 8gb pendrive is helpfull for me."
"263" "This is a perfect product for users who have needs related to storage. It has a very high transfer rate which transfers data in a couple of seconds. Sandisk is a reliable company."
"264" "Product is good as per price range but it is bit slow n in 32gb pen drive I got only 29gb storage delivery schedule was on time received within 3days....bit happy "
"265" "This pendrive is not good becouse pendrive is not showing as a USB device so i am facing a problem to transfer the data. In short if we right click then removable storage is not showing."
"266" "We use San Disk Cruzer Blade USB 8 GB, this is easy to setup and use.It is very fast and high capacity of storage data with reliable/without any risk."
"267" "It is great combination of product at such a low price. Off course the product quality was good. Delivery time was also good, received delivery within 4-5 days. Speed of file transfer, copying of content through these pendrives is fast & upto the mark."
"268" "Initially I used it normal use of file transfers to and from my computer. But as my mobile dependence increased I needed extra space to manage my mobile storage.
So I bought an OTG cable and fixed this as the entertainment content box as MP3 songs, images and videaos accumulate most of the space in mobile. 

This pen drive works smoothly with m smart phone and plays unbuffered video songs and mp3's from my mobile. 

The only issue this pen drive doesn't come with drive protection software which comes with many of other sandisk storage pen drives."
"269" "As comparing price product too good 
not bad speed take time but goood"
"270" "Though the product is very cheap and handy. But its transfer speed is not upto the mark. Copying speed - ~4.7mbps Moving speed - 17-20 mbps."
"271" "The SanDisk Cruzer Blade USB Flash Drive of 8 gb i shopped from snapdeal is very much good … It was eay to shop … it was realible and not so much costly
This was the first time,i ordered something online … & snapdeal made me first online shopping amazing
Thank you snapdeal"
"272" "Looking very sexy.
Nice transfer speed.
comfortable to use.
Almost this is a nice product.
Thanks to snapdeal"
"273" "Amazing deal. And this product is very helpful for my study like sharing the projects, file,etc. And movies. And speed is so fast in process of sharing any file.. I really like this sandisk cruzer blade usb flash drive.."
"274" "Awesome product for the price. Great utility, design and  build quality.Fast speed."
"275" "This is the best product.It is reliable and portable device.It is also simple to use.It is easy to setup.It is a fast and high capacity device.It is fast to transfer file.It is use to store different types of data such as music and video."
"276" "This pen drive is really great as compared to other brands. Transfers data at the speed of 40mb/sec in intel core i3 processor"
"277" "Good product. Best use for Additional Storage & Mass data transfer from one computer to another. People who buy this product will get 100% satisfaction."
"278" "ADDITIONAL STORAGE PURPOSE, BUT COMPARE TO OTHER USB FLASH, RATE IS VERY BEST."
"279" "Very Reliable Portable very handy easy to use data transfer and excellent and very good pricing"
"280" "Very fast in transferring data. Very comfortable to use. Very small and portable."
"281" "I purchased a combo of two 8 GB pen drive . these are small in size but good speed and reliable"
"282" "VERY USE FULL AND GOOD QUALITY PEN DRIVE. BEST USE FOR ALL TYPE OF DATA STORAGE, ALSO BEST FOR SECURITY LOCK. WITH THE PASS WORD LOCK, THE PEN DRIVE IS VERY SAFE AND SECURITY. BEST PRICE AND BEST PRODUCT."
"283" "Very Good , long Lasting without any data storage delete. Any body can  purchase , rate also reasonable."
"284" "best price and high speed usb,small size no issue at all."
"285" "More information storage in this pendrive at the same time very nice design.Good work."
"286" "When I was in need of a 1 gb pendrive to backup only important documents and files,I found that there is only a negligible price difference between 1/2/4/8/16/32 GB and I chose this. The price is good and the pendrive is compact, handy,and easy to use like a 1 gb pendrive."
"287" "It's a very good pendrive , best part is its cost that is just  384rs for 16gb most important thing the brand name sandisc as it is very reliable and provides guarantee of 5 years."
"288" "I recently purchased this product and its very much helpful as I travel with important files on the go very compact and best design go for it without hesitating"
"289" "They sent me memory card instead of pendrive.Excellent memory card  from sandisk with a reasonable price works perfect. Sufficient space for storage. U can go with it once"
"290" "Its working is very good and the data transfer is very fast it is very easy to carry any place model also very comfortable finally it is good to work with any devices"
"291" "It is good quality product. I found it as it was expected. It is cheaper as compare to the market. Delivered with in the time frame."
"292" "Don't go for it if u was a heavy user because built quality is so cheap but this fits in ur budget because compared to other good brands sandisk was providing a good pen drive so u can go for it if u was a light user and have budget problem otherwise go for hp or toshiba or sony..
Snapdeal is better than others and their service was not good in 2-tier cities.."
"293" "This review should be mention on the 16gb pendrive but snapdeal people are mentioning it for 32GB pendrive.
speed is not good and you will get only 14.2 gb data for 16Gb ,everything else is fine till the date"
"294" "This one is low price high gain product use and than know that its high speed data transfer device . I buy this product 5 times"
"295" "Very nice, cheap and best fine transfer, storage can access quickly. Don,t think buy this pls drive."
"296" "Transferring speed is good I liked it.I got delivery on time.nd wat to say overall it's good product."
"297" "Quality is Good. And parcel recived with in Time and Good manner keep it up.Thanks."
"298" "Great product. transfer speed is just average but it does whats suppossed to be doing."
"299" "Very compact design and Nice look. Very nice product in a reasonable price. It is a big value for our money and working perfectly. I suggested to my colleagues to go for it. As I suggested they ordered the product immediately with my account."
"300" "This is a good pen drive and snapdeal  is giving it good price. It has 29gb free space and I use for my car. Right choice for cars with covered usb port."
